Feat: CA Certificates entity (#220)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/ca_certificate.md

---
title: CA Certificates
content_type: reference
entities:
  - ca_certificate
description: A CA certificate object represents a trusted certificate authority. These objects are used by {{site.base_gateway}} to verify the validity of a client or server certificate.

related_resources:
  - text: Certificate entity
    url: /gateway/entities/certificate
  - text: Mutual TLS Authentication plugin
    url: /plugins/mtls-auth

tools:
    - admin-api
    - konnect-api
    - kic
    - deck
    - terraform
api_specs:
    - gateway/admin-oss
    - gateway/admin-ee
    - konnect/control-planes-config
schema:
    api: gateway/admin-ee
    path: /schemas/CA-Certificate

---

## What is a CA Certificate?

A CA certificate object represents a trusted certificate authority. These objects are used by {{site.base_gateway}} to verify the validity of a client or server certificate.

To verify server certificates, you can define your CA Certificate:

> - [Globally](/how-to/define-a-global-ca-certificate-to-verify-server-certificates), to cover verification of all upstream server certificates

Author: ```suggestion
- [Globally](/how-to/global-ca-cert-for-server/), to cover verification of all upstream server certificates
```

> - [On a specific Gateway service](define-a-ca-certificate-to-verify-server-certificates-for-a-service)

Author: ```suggestion
- [On a specific Gateway service](/how-to/service-ca-certificate/)
```

> To verify client certificates, you can use the [Mutual TLS Authentication plugin](/plugins/mtls-auth).

Author: ```suggestion
To verify client certificates, you can use the [Mutual TLS Authentication plugin](/plugins/mtls-auth/).
```
